let me ask something have you ever gone
into your Google Ads account and you see
things change that you didn't change for
example you see new ads created in your
ad groups that you never wrote or your
bid strategy is completely different and
just things are all over the place and
you're wondering what's going on I
didn't even make these changes where did
it come from well that's most likely
because you have ads suggestions turned
on and Google ads suggestions
it's basically those recommended
recommendations that Google offers you
in your Google ads account you have that
recommendations tab and if you go there
Google recommends that you should do all
these different suggestions to improve
your Google ads performance and if you
have ads suggestions turned on what that
means is after 14 days those suggestions
can be automatically applied to your
account without your consent because you
have that feature enabled now don't get
me wrong I love everyone at Google and
they're amazing and I definitely take
their suggestions but I will not just
roll out the suggestions right away I'd
like to have more control over my
account so you know you can definitely
look at google suggestions and get ideas
of things that maybe you didn't think
about doing like maybe try target CPA
bidding but instead of just rolling out
that change right away I would
personally like to run a campaign
experiment and then see if the results
speak for themselves and if it is
positive then I'll go ahead and roll out
the change completely and by the way my
name is Sylvia Perez and I create
content every week on Google ads and
pay-per-click advertising so if you like
that kind of stuff feel free to
subscribe to the channel but without
further ado I'm gonna hop into my
computer and show you how you can turn
off Google Ad suggestions alright guys
so to get started go ahead and hop into
your Google ads campaign overview tab
and then from here click on all
campaigns on the top left make sure
that's checked and then from here gonna
go down to settings and then from
settings we're gonna click on account
settings up here and then we're gonna go
all the way down here to ad suggestions
and you can see the default setting is
to automatically apply ad suggestions
after 14 days so we want to make sure
that we have full control over our
accounts so we're gonna go ahead and
check don't automatically apply the
suggestions and then just go ahead and
click Save and now we don't have to
worry anymore about suggestions being
applied on our behalf without our
consent and we have full control over
our own Google Ads account so that is
going to be it for this video if you got
some value from this video feel free to
go ahead and like the video really helps
me
ranked higher in the YouTube algorithm
and if you got some value from this and
you're interested in Google ads and PPC
content I upload videos every week on
those topics so feel free to subscribe
to the channel and have a great one and
I'll see you next time take care
[Music]